Document backend-to-backend communication in spring boot (#123)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/languages/java/backend-to-backend-communication.md

> # backend to backend communication in spring boot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Backend-to-Backend communication in Spring Boot
```

> For backend to backend communication we use [OpenFeign](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-openfeign). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backend-to-backend communication we use [OpenFeign](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-openfeign). 
```

> To set up the feign client, you need to include the following dependencies in the `pom.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the feign client, you need to include the following dependencies in your `pom.xml`:
```

```xml
<properties>
    <spring-cloud.version>2021.0.3</spring-cloud.version>
</properties>
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-cloud-starter-openfeign</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

```xml
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-cloud-dependencies</artifactId>
            <version>${spring-cloud.version}</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>
```

> To implement the feign client into a spring boot project,  
> you have to do the following in your source code:
> 
> This is an example on how to send a minigame result from the chickenshock-backend to the overworld-backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the feign client into a spring boot project, you have to perform the following steps (the example is based on communication from chickenshock-backend to overworld-backend) :
```

Add `@EnableFeignClients` to your ServiceApplication file.

```java
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableFeignClients
public class ChickenshockServiceApplication {
```

> Add an ResultClient like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `ResultClient`:
```

```java
package de.unistuttgart.chickenshockbackend.clients;

import de.unistuttgart.chickenshockbackend.data.OverworldResultDTO;
import feign.Headers;
import org.springframework.cloud.openfeign.FeignClient;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PostMapping;

@FeignClient(value = "resultClient", url="${overworld.url}/internal")
public interface ResultClient {
    @PostMapping("/submit-game-pass")
    @Headers("Content-Type: application/json")
    void submit(OverworldResultDTO resultDTO);
}
```

> Import the client in your service like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import the client into your service:
```

```java
@Autowired
ResultClient resultClient;
```

> And then call the method like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then call the method:
```

> For backend to backend communication we use [OpenFeign](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-openfeign). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# backend to backend communication in spring boot

For backend to backend communication we use [OpenFeign](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-openfeign). 
```

To set up the feign client, you need to include the following dependencies in the `pom.xml`.

```xml
<properties>
    <spring-cloud.version>2021.0.3</spring-cloud.version>
</properties>
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-cloud-starter-openfeign</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

```xml
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.springframework.cloud</groupId>
            <artifactId>spring-cloud-dependencies</artifactId>
            <version>${spring-cloud.version}</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>
```

To implement the feign client into a spring boot project, 
you have to do the following in your source code:

> This is an example to send a minigame result from the chickenshock-backend to the overworld-backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an example on how to send a minigame result from the chickenshock-backend to the overworld-backend.
```

Add `@EnableFeignClients` to your ServiceApplication file.
```java
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableFeignClients
public class ChickenshockServiceApplication {
```

Add an ResultClient like this:
```java
package de.unistuttgart.chickenshockbackend.clients;

import de.unistuttgart.chickenshockbackend.data.OverworldResultDTO;
import feign.Headers;
import org.springframework.cloud.openfeign.FeignClient;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.PostMapping;

@FeignClient(value = "resultClient", url="${overworld.url}/internal")
public interface ResultClient {
    @PostMapping("/submit-game-pass")
    @Headers("Content-Type: application/json")
    void submit(OverworldResultDTO resultDTO);
}
```

Import the client in your service like this:
```java
@Autowired
ResultClient resultClient;
```

And then call the method like this:
```java
OverworldResultDTO resultDTO = new OverworldResultDTO("CHICKENSHOCK", gameResultDTO.getConfigurationAsUUID(), 50, "1");
resultClient.submit(resultDTO);
```

> To set the url of the overworld backend you need to add this to you application.properties file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set the url of the overworld backend you need to add this to you application.properties file:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the URL of the overworld backend you need to add the value to your `application.properties`:
```
